#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extreport
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{styles/esi_memoire}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
hanging
minimalistic
initials
fixltx2e
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Creation d'un outil d'administration de solutions BI"
\pdf_author "Afifi Sohaib, Tadjine Zineb"
\pdf_subject "Thesis"
\pdf_keywords "Indexing/Search, Arabic, Holy Quran, Information retrieval, Search engines"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 4
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language swedish
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\bullet 1 0 9 -1
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
A
\series bold
bstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Noble Quran is different of all documents that we have known.
 It's the sacred book of Muslims.
 It contains knowledge of all aspects of life.
 With this huge quantity of information, We can extract only a small part
 manually and this is considered insufficient compared to the size of knowledge
 contained in Quran.
 That raises the need for a method to extract those information because
 currently there is no efficient method except many printed lexicons and
 many tools of simple sequential search with regular expression.
 Due to this limitation, the Quran requires us to find new ways to interact.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal through this work is to propose a system for advanced research
 in all of the information contained in the Quran by considering the morphology
 of the Arabic language and the properties of the Quranic text.
 It should be based on modern methods of information retrieval for good
 stability and high speed search.
 It would be very useful for researchers and could be generalized to cover
 all the content in Arabic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Keywords :
\series default
 Indexing/Search, Arabic, Holy Quran, Information retrieval, Search engines.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage clearpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*

\lang french
Résumé
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang french
Le Coran est différent de tous les documents que nous connaissons .
 C'est le livre sacré des musulmans.
 Il comporte des connaissances sur tous les aspects de la vie.
 Avec un tel volume d'informations, on ne peut y extraire qu'une infime
 partie manuellement.
 Ceci s'avère être insuffisant vue la quantité de connaissances que contient
 le Coran.
 D'où la nécessité de trouver une méthode pour extraire ces informations.
 Or il n'existe aucun outil à utiliser sauf quelques lexiques imprimés et
 quelques outils de recherche simple et séquentielle par les expressions
 régulières.
 En raison de cette limitation, le Coran nous oblige à trouver de nouvelles
 façons d'interaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang french
Le but recherché à travers ce travail est de proposer un système de recherche
 avancée dans l'ensemble des informations contenues dans le Coran en prenant
 en considération la morphologie de la langue Arabe et les propriétés du
 texte coranique.
 Elle doit être fondée sur les méthodes modernes de recherche d'informations
 pour obtenir une bonne stabilité et une recherche de grande vitesse.
 Elle serait trés utile pour les chercheurs et pourrait être généralisée
 pour couvrir l'ensemble du contenu en arabe.
\lang english

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
\lang french
Mots clés : 
\series default
Indexation/Recherche, Arabe, Coran, Recherche d'information, Moteurs de
 recherche.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage clearpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\series bold
\size largest
\lang arabic_arabi
ملخّص
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang arabic_arabi
القرآن الكريم يختلف عن جميع الوثائق التي نعرفها فهو يحوي المعارف في جميع
 جوانب الحياة.
 مع هذا الحجم من المعلومات، لا يستطيع المرء استخراج إلا النزر اليسير يدويا.
 هذا ليس كافيا بالنسبة لحجم المعارف الواردة في القرآن الكريم.
 ومن هنا جاءت الحاجة إلى إيجاد طريقة لاستخراج هذه المعلومات.
 لا توجد أي وسيلة حالية فعالة باستثناء بعض المعاجم المطبوعة وبعض الأدوات
 التي تعتمد البحث البسيط التسلسلي بالعبارات النمطية.
 وبسبب هذا القيد ، يتوجب علينا إيجاد طرق جديدة للتفاعل.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang arabic_arabi
الهدف من خلال هذا العمل هو اقتراح نظام للبحث المتقدم في جميع المعلومات الواردة
 في القرآن الكريم، مع الأخذ في الاعتبار مورفولوجيا اللغة العربية وخصائص
 النص القرآني.
 وينبغي الاستناد على الأساليب الحديثة في استرجاع المعلومات من أجل استقرار
 جيد وسرعةعالية في البحث.هذا العمل مفيد للباحثين ودارسي القرآن ويمكن أن يعمم
 ليشمل جميع المحتوى باللغة العربية.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
\size large
\lang arabic_arabi
كلمات مفتاحية
\size default
:
\series default
 بحث/فهرسة، العربية، القرآن، استخراج المعلومات، محركات البحث.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage clearpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
