#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extreport
\begin_preamble

 
\usepackage{styles/esi_memoire}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
hanging
minimalistic
initials
fix-cm
fixltx2e
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Creation d'un outil d'administration de solutions BI"
\pdf_author "Afifi Sohaib, Tadjine Zineb"
\pdf_subject "Thesis"
\pdf_keywords "Business intilligence, SQL Server, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS "
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 4
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic true
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language swedish
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\bullet 1 0 9 -1
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
General Conclusion 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{part}{General Conclusion}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
[ a refaire ]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
#change au past tense , translate into English
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Our proposition
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
what we write
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
what have done
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
what's rest
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
perspective: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Optimization of solutions and stydying Complexity of each feature
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our proposal was about design a retrieval system that fit the Qur'an search
 needs.
 But to realize this objective, we had to first list and classify all the
 search features that are possible and helpful.
 Then we needed to make a global conception for a retrieval system as a
 first stone to achieve each search feature.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We started by three chapters for the state of art.
 The first is about search engines and how they works.
 The second is about Arabic language and its properties.
 The third is about Quran and its properties including its indexes and many
 search tools.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To clarify our proposal, we have enlisted the search features in Quran that
 are helpful.
 To facilitate the enlisting, we have classified those features depending
 on the nature of the problem.
 That list will help us to make a detailed retrieval system that fit perfectly
 the needs of the Quran.
 We conducted a survey about usefulness, usability and clarity of each feature
 and we have got very helpful feedbacks.
 Each feature has a different level of complexity: could be implemented
 easily or may lead to vast problem that need a deeper study.
 A primary version of this list of search features is published as a paper
 in an LREC 2012 pre-conference workshop which is about 
\begin_inset Quotes sld
\end_inset


\emph on
LRE-Rel: Language Resource and Evaluation for Religious Texts
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes sld
\end_inset

.
 The paper was entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes sld
\end_inset


\emph on
Advanced Search in Quran: Classification and Proposition of All Possible
 Features
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes sld
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Chelli-LREC"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For conception, we based our work on a previous one, we went through the
 explanation of what's already done.
 Then, we proposed many fixes, and many improvements on it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First improvement is about achieving a full vocalized search engine customized
 to offer most of the features mentioned in the chapter.
 The full vocalization is a very important improvement to get over the ambiguiti
es and lack of accuracy arisen from ignoring the vowels (
\lang arabic_arabi
حركات
\lang english
).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second improvement is a proposal of a customized text processing that fits
 the properties of the Quranic text.
 We've introduced the use of Othmani script side by side with the Standard
 script.
 We added a pre-tokenization phase that substitute some patterns of the
 query by their appropriate correspondent.
 This is useful to implement search features such as romanizations, and
 numbers-as-words search.
 We suggested a change in the tokenization phase, which is adding a second
 operation right after the space-based tokenization.
 The role of this new second operation is to separate the resulted tokens
 (the words) into sub-tokens (words' parts) in order to have a specific
 processing for each part of the word.
 For normalization, we discussed the processing of the Othmani text.
 We discussed also some changes on the way how to filter stop words and
 how to do the lemmatization (stemming).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The third improvement, we considered the word as a new unit for search in
 addition to the ayah as the main unit.
 The objective of that is to achieve a set of search features that requires
 the manipulation of word sets.
 The word-as-a-unit search helps directly or indirectly in many feature:
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Word properties search
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Semantically-related words
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Multi-level derivations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Specific derivations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Fuzzy Search
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We went through the implementation of many search features that we previously
 enlisted.
 Unfortunately, there are more improvements to be done and many issues to
 be resolved.
 We left them as perspectives: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Achieving an accurate statistics gathering system;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Implementation of a more adequate suggestion system;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Clear the way toward a semantic search engine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Proceeding the full conception of all the search features cited in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Proposals"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Complete implementation of all the open issues cited in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sub:Open-Issues"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
