#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extreport
\begin_preamble

 
\usepackage{styles/esi_memoire}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
hanging
minimalistic
initials
fix-cm
fixltx2e
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Creation d'un outil d'administration de solutions BI"
\pdf_author "Afifi Sohaib, Tadjine Zineb"
\pdf_subject "Thesis"
\pdf_keywords "Business intilligence, SQL Server, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS "
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 4
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic true
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language swedish
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\bullet 1 0 9 -1
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Annex: Paper Abstracts 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{part}{Annex A: Paper Abstracts}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have published, about this work, two papers in two conferences:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
An Arabic paper in NITS 2011 KSA 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Chelli-Nits"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Title: 
\series default
An Application Programming Interface for indexing and search in Noble Quran
 
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Arabic title: 
\lang arabic_arabi
مكتبة برمجية للفهرسة والبحث في القرآن الكريم
\lang english
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Abstract:
\series default
 Quranic search engine API is a project offer simple and advanced search
 services in the whole information that Holy Qur’an contains.
 it is based on the modern approach of information retrieval to get a good
 - stability and a high - speed search.
 We want implement some additional features like Highlight, Suggestions,
 Scoring ...etc.
 by the way, Quranic search engine is an Arabic search engine so the API
 has to offer Arabic language processing like the stemming and eliminating
 of ambiguities.
 The API is aimed to be the base that the developers can use it to build
 different types of interfaces in different systems, ex: Desktop GUI, Web
 - based UI...etc.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Keywords
\series default
: Indexing, Search, Quran, Search-engine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Authors
\series default
: Assem Chelli, Merouane Dahmani, Amar Balla, Taha Zerrouki.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
An English paper in a pre-conference workshop in LREC 2012 Turkey which
 is about 
\begin_inset Quotes sld
\end_inset


\emph on
LRE-Rel: Language Resource and Evaluation for Religious Texts
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes sld
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Chelli-LREC"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Title: 
\series default
Advanced Search in Quran: Classification and Proposition of All Possible
 Features.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Abstract: 
\series default
This paper contains a listing for all search features in Quran that we have
 collected and a classification depending on the nature of each feature.
 it’s the first step to design an information retrieval system that fits
 to the specific needs of the Quran.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Keywords: 
\series default
Information Retrieval, Quran, Search Features.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Authors:
\series default
 Assem Chelli, Amar Balla, Taha Zerrouki.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
