#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extreport
\begin_preamble
 \usepackage{styles/esi_memoire}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
fixltx2e
hanging
initials
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgment
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{part}{Acknowledgment}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family sans
\begin_inset VSpace 10mm
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family sans
First at all, I am thanking 
\emph on
Allah, the Almighty
\emph default
 for giving me the strength and patience to write this modest thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\align center

\family sans
We gratefully acknowledge
\series bold
\emph on
 
\noun on
Pr.
 Amar Balla
\noun default
 
\series default
\emph default
and
\series bold
\emph on
 
\noun on
Mr.
 Taha Zerrouki
\series default
\emph default
 
\noun default
for giving me the honor of thier supervising during that year and guiding
 me with advices,, et ses critique constructives and meaningful criticism.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\align center

\family sans
I also thank the jury members for agreeing to evaluate our modest work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\align center

\family sans
A big thanks to the faculty and the administration of the National Higher
 School of Computer Science (ESI) who took care of my training and monitoring
 throughout the study program.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family sans
Our deepest thanks go to the Arab Open Source community that has offered
 me great support, especially
\series bold
\emph on
 
\noun on
Alfanous Team/Community
\series default
\emph default
\noun default
 that make a valuable contribution to carry out this great work, and hope
 to be worthy of the confidence they have placed in me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\align center

\family sans
Finally We express our appreciation to all who contributed by their advice
 and their encouragement to the completion of this work, my family and friends
 for their assistance and support.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
